The Rubrik Engineering team is comprised of people who produce extraordinary results. Our engineers are driven to build efficient, reliable, and cost effective products. We believe in empowering our teams, giving engineers autonomy and responsibility, not just tasks. Our goal is to motivate and challenge you to do the best work of your career. As part of the Rubrik Engineering team, you will work closely with product managers, designers, and other engineers to define the next generation of products for Rubrik. At Rubrik, nothing will stop you from thinking big. We are looking for individuals who are comfortable with ambiguity and excited by the prospect of a challenge. If you have a positive attitude, high energy and limitless drive, and like to win, we want to talk to you!

Our team builds products to protect the Rubrik customers’ Microsoft Entra ID data in Azure. It enables customers to efficiently recover their identity service in unforeseen circumstances such as a ransomware attack.

Our engineers are independent thinkers and proactive problem solvers, unafraid of complex technical challenges. We provide everyone the opportunity and support to thrive and reach their highest potential.

The NAS Team is responsible for building products that can protect massive amounts of unstructured data both on premises and in the cloud. Rubrik provides a comprehensive data protection solution for NAS which can handle petabyte scale of data and scan billions of files. This allows Rubrik customers to remain resilient in the event of a cyber attack and enables business continuity. You will be joining this team which is on a mission to build the best data protection solution for NAS.

What You’ll Do

Software Engineer - Backend

Data protection needs for large enterprises are evolving into a varied usage of private/public clouds. Rubrik data protection engineering teams use highly scalable, distributed infrastructure that the infrastructure teams build, and develop software solutions which can manage, backup and restore customer data. These teams handle petabyte scale of data and billions of objects both in SaaS and on prem workloads. An entry level engineer in this team is expected to provide individual contributions across the stack, creating software to interact with third party APIs, low level programming to ingest data into Rubik, and implement apis or business logic to orchestrate the management of this data and create automation to test code.

What You’ll Do

    Full stack ownership including design, implementation, and testing of new features that are reliable and performant
    Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.
    Collaborate with Product Designers, Product Managers, and Software Engineers to deliver compelling user-facing products
    Troubleshoot issues experienced by customers and internal product testing, and providing robust solutions
    Identify and resolve performance and scalability issues

Experience You’ll Need

    BS or MS in Computer science or related field with 0-2 years of relevant work experience 
    Proficiency in one or more general purpose programming languages like Go, Java, C/C++, Scala, Python
    Strong fundamentals in data structures, algorithms, and distributed systems design
    Solid understanding of Operating System fundamentals, networking and concurrency concepts. 
    Enjoy learning new technologies continuously and rapidly reinventing your skill set

The minimum and maximum base salaries for this role are posted below; additionally, the role is eligible for bonus potential, equity and benefits. The range displayed reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the role based on U.S. location. Within the range, the salary offered will be determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.

US Pay Range

$122,800—$153,500 USD

Join Us in Securing the World's Data

Rubrik (NYSE: RBRK) is on a mission to secure the world’s data. With Zero Trust Data Security™, we help organizations achieve business resilience against cyberattacks, malicious insiders, and operational disruptions. Rubrik Security Cloud, powered by machine learning, secures data across enterprise, cloud, and SaaS applications. We help organizations uphold data integrity, deliver data availability that withstands adverse conditions, continuously monitor data risks and threats, and restore businesses with their data when infrastructure is attacked.

Linkedin | X (formerly Twitter) | Instagram | Rubrik.com

Inclusion @ Rubrik

At Rubrik, we are dedicated to fostering a culture where people from all backgrounds are valued, feel they belong, and believe they can succeed. Our commitment to inclusion is at the heart of our mission to secure the world’s data.

Our goal is to hire and promote the best talent, regardless of background. We continually review our hiring practices to ensure fairness and strive to create an environment where every employee has equal access to opportunities for growth and excellence. We believe in empowering everyone to bring their authentic selves to work and achieve their fullest potential.

Our inclusion strategy focuses on three core areas of our business and culture:

    Our Company: We are committed to building a merit-based organization that offers equal access to growth and success for all employees globally. Your potential is limitless here. 
    Our Culture: We strive to create an inclusive atmosphere where individuals from all backgrounds feel a strong sense of belonging, can thrive, and do their best work. Your contributions help us innovate and break boundaries. 
    Our Communities: We are dedicated to expanding our engagement with the communities we operate in, creating opportunities for underrepresented talent and driving greater innovation for our clients. Your impact extends beyond Rubrik, contributing to safer and stronger communities. 

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Rubrik is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

Rubrik provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Rubrik complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please contact us at hr@rubrik.com if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.
